{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1043{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\kerning36\b\f0\fs48 Table of contents\par
\pard\kerning0\fs24 1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Getting started}}}\cf0\ulnone\b0\f0\fs24\line 1.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul System Requirements}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.1.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.1.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Mhz?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.1.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.1.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How much RAM?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.1.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.1.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How much disk?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.1.4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.1.4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Bandwidth?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Graphics Setup}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.2.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.2.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul What is recommended resolution?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.2.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.2.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I don\rquote t see what i am typing?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.2.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.2.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How do i set full screen mode?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.2.4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.2.4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I can\rquote t resize the window?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul First steps}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.3.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.3.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I am logged in! What to do?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.3.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.3.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I don't want to be a rat!}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.3.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.3.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Some people have text under their \f1\fs20 /whois\f0\fs24  info?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Mouse and keyboard}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.4.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.4.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Sometimes chat line editing keys stops working while playing.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.4.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.4.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I don't have right mouse button.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 1.4.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.4.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I don't have middle mouse button.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\b 2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Client in general}}}\cf0\ulnone\b0\f0\fs24\line 2.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Account}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.1.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.1.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul What is my password?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.1.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.1.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I am going to reinstall my OS. What to do?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.1.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.1.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I lost my password.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.1.4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.1.4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How do i change my nick name?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Economy}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.2.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.2.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Do i have to pay real money?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.2.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.2.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul What's all this money stuff good for anyway? I just want to play!}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.2.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.2.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I'm out of money! How do I get more?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Collecting}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.3.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.3.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Why there aren't any fixed packs?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.3.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.3.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How can i buy promotional/special cards?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Sorting and filtering the collection}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.4.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.4.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How do i show cards i own?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.5. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.5.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Trading}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.5.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.5.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How do I put cards on my have list?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.5.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.5.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul My \f1\fs20 have\f0\fs24 -list is still empty?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.6. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.6.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Selling}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.6.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.6.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How do i set a price for my card?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.6.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.6.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul When i sell a card, my prices is always higher than others.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.7. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.7.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Decks}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.7.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.7.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How do i use proxies?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.7.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.7.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I exported a deck but i can't find it?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.7.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.7.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How do i import an existing deck?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.8. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.8.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Playing}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.8.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.8.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Can i play sealed deck games?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.8.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.8.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How do i attach cards together?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.9. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.9.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Tricks and Tips}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 2.9.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.9.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How can i restore collection default view?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\b 3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Mtg}}}\cf0\ulnone\b0\f0\fs24\line 3.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Playing}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.1.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.1.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How can i alter my life points?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.1.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.1.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul I try to say a number, but my life changes? That sucks.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Specific cards}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.2.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.2.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Cursed Scroll.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.2.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.2.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Hymn to Tourach.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.2.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.2.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Future Sight.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.2.4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.2.4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Summoner's Egg.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.2.5. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.2.5.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Parallel Thoughs.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.2.6. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.2.6.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Shahrazad.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Rules}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 3.3.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec3.3.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul What is Tribal War?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\b 4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Metw}}}\cf0\ulnone\b0\f0\fs24\line 4.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul General}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.1.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.1.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Balrog boosters?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.1.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.1.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Rarity distributon of Balrog boosters?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Decks}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.2.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.2.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How to build 2 different hazard decks?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Playing}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.3.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.3.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Deck exhausted, what to do?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.3.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.3.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Can i play solitaire?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Specific cards}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.4.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.4.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Aware of their Ways.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.4.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.4.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Barrow-blade.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.4.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.4.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Goblin Faces.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.4.4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.4.4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Secret News.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 4.4.5. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec4.4.5.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Long Dark Reach.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\b 5. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec5.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Server}}}\cf0\ulnone\b0\f0\fs24\line 5.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec5.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Using server stuff}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 5.1.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec5.1.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul My table does not connect to my local server.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 5.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec5.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul How do i add a table?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\b 6. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec6.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Contributing}}}\cf0\ulnone\b0\f0\fs24\line 6.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec6.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Graphics}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 6.1.1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec6.1.1.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Can i make a custom avatar?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\line 6.1.2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec6.1.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul What are specifications for avatar images?}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\kerning36\b\fs48 Frequently Asked Questions\par
\kerning0\fs36 1. Getting started\par
\fs28 1.1. System Requirements\par
\fs24 1.1.1. Mhz?\par
\pard\b0 Approximately 300Mhz PC is tested and it is playable (anyone using less than that, please inform). Non-PC system users may adjust the approximation accordingly. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.1.2. How much RAM?\par
\pard\b0 As much as it can get, 160M at least recommended. Seriously, cards eat lot of memory and they are generated when needed. Memory consumption can be stopped in non-Windows versions by limiting the maximum amount of RAM the application can get (see \f1\fs20 man ulimit\f0\fs24 ). \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.1.3. How much disk?\par
\pard\b0 Image cache may consume over 1G of disk space. If you don't want that, use \f1\fs20 --nocache\f0\fs24  argument for your client. (Not implemented on Windows.) \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.1.4. Bandwidth?\par
\pard\b0 Gccg does not need much bandwidth. It is tested using 56K modem connection and it is playable just fine. However, during login there are lot of information to transfer and that may take a while. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 1.2. Graphics Setup\par
\fs24 1.2.1. What is recommended resolution?\par
\pard\b0 The resolution 1024x768 or above is recommended, while 800x600 is still playable. See also {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.2.4.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul 1.2.4.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24  \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.2.2. I don\rquote t see what i am typing?\par
\pard\b0 Your Gccg-window is too big for your screen. Increase your resolution beyond 1024x768, move the window upwards, use full screen mode or resize the window. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.2.3. How do i set full screen mode?\par
\pard\b0 Windows: edit the batch file (\i\f1\fs20 Game.bat\i0\f0\fs24 ) which launches the game and replace the line \line ccg_client.exe --user %USER% %1 %2 %3 %4 %5 %6 %7 %8 %9 \i game\i0 .xml \line with \line ccg_client.exe --full --user %USER% %1 %2 %3 %4 %5 %6 %7 %8 %9 \i game\i0 .xml \par
Other systems: launch the client using \line ./\i Game\i0  --full \par
Note: \f1\fs20 Ctrl+Alt+F\f0\fs24  toggles full screen on and off, but it works only in Linux currently. Waiting for SDL library to implement it for other systems too. \par
Note: In windows, you can go back from the full screen mode using \f1\fs20 Alt+Tab\f0\fs24 . \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.2.4. I can\rquote t resize the window?\par
\pard\b0 The application is not yet very easily resizeable. You can add parameter \f1\fs20 --geometry 800x600\f0\fs24  to get 800x600 screen for example. Follow instructions in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec1.2.3.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul 1.2.3.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24  replacing the parameter \f1\fs20 --full\f0\fs24  with your desired geometry setting. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 1.3. First steps\par
\fs24 1.3.1. I am logged in! What to do?\par
\pard\b0 You can ask people around for help. If you don\rquote t want to show that you are newbie (well, they see it anyway, because you are a rat!), you can right click everything and try to figure out things from the context menus. Pressing \f1\fs20 F1\f0\fs24  shows you list of commands to use in addition to menus. You can get more info about commands using \line /help \i command\i0  \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.3.2. I don't want to be a rat!\par
\pard\b0 Then you must change your \i avatar\i0 . Check the list of avatars from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "misc/avatars.html"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul here}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24 . \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.3.3. Some people have text under their \f1\fs20 /whois\f0\fs24  info?\par
\pard\b0 You can set your own quote or short message using \f1\fs20 /set plan \i text to add\i0\f0\fs24 . \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 1.4. Mouse and keyboard\par
\fs24 1.4.1. Sometimes chat line editing keys stops working while playing.\par
\pard\b0 The input line must be clear when using these during play. Press backspace until your input line is empty. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.4.2. I don't have right mouse button.\par
\pard\b0 Use \f1\fs20 /bind /eval MenuByContext()\f0\fs24  and press a key to bind the right button to the one of unused keys. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 1.4.3. I don't have middle mouse button.\par
\pard\b0 Use \f1\fs20 /bind /eval MouseMiddleClick()\f0\fs24  and press a key to bind the middle button to the one of unused keys. You can also use \f1\fs20 Alt+left click\f0\fs24  instead of middle clicking. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs36 2. Client in general\par
\fs28 2.1. Account\par
\fs24 2.1.1. What is my password?\par
\pard\b0 The client generates a random password for you when you register yourself into the game first time. The server stores your password at the first login. After that, your password must match or you are not able to login. (If you really want to know what your password is, check \f1\fs20 ~/.gccg/\i Game\i0 /password\f0\fs24  (or \f1\fs20 C:\\.gccg\\\i Game\i0\\password\f0\fs24  in Windows). \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.1.2. I am going to reinstall my OS. What to do?\par
\pard\b0 Make a backup copy of your \f1\fs20 ~/.gccg\f0\fs24  directory (or \f1\fs20 C:\\.gccg\f0\fs24  in Windows). It contains your passwords and decks. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.1.3. I lost my password.\par
\pard\b0 Ask an administrator to send the password file for you by email and apologize that you didn't read the FAQ {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.1.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul 2.1.2.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24  \b NEW:\b0  When you receive your password, drop that to your \f1\fs20 ~/.gccg/\i Game\i0 /password\f0\fs24  and launch the client. (\f1\fs20 C:\\.gccg\\\i Game\i0\\password\f0\fs24  in Windows.) \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.1.4. How do i change my nick name?\par
\pard\b0 Start an another account and ask admin to remove older account before you get caught and recieve a lifetime ban. ;) \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 2.2. Economy\par
\fs24 2.2.1. Do i have to pay real money?\par
\pard\b0 No. It is purely imaginary. Everything is free of charge. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.2.2. What's all this money stuff good for anyway? I just want to play!\par
\pard\b0 Don't worry, it is fully optional. You can add any card to your deck, it will merely be considered a proxy. (Do know that once you start the collecting it turns out addictive.) \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.2.3. I'm out of money! How do I get more?\par
\pard\b0 a) You earn money by winning (or even when losing) games.\line b) You earn even more money by playing games with a bet (see \f1\fs20 $\i num\i0\f0\fs24  markings on tables).\line c) Sell your cards.\line d) Collect all cards of a published set and register it. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 2.3. Collecting\par
\fs24 2.3.1. Why there aren't any fixed packs?\par
\pard\b0 All fixed decks are included (or are going to be included) as sample decks for the game. This leaves you some collecting tasks to fill missing cards for the sample decks. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.3.2. How can i buy promotional/special cards?\par
\pard\b0 You can't unless someone has one for sale. You earn one random promotional/special card by playing a game without proxies. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 2.4. Sorting and filtering the collection\par
\fs24 2.4.1. How do i show cards i own?\par
\pard\b0 Use \line /select have>0 \line or actually \f1\fs20 /select have\f0\fs24  is enough, since \f1\fs20 have\f0\fs24  evaluates to a positive number if you have one or more cards. Check also if there is already a filter for "Sealed deck" for the game in question (right click collection border, choose "Select display..." and look for "Sealed deck"). \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 2.5. Trading\par
\fs24 2.5.1. How do I put cards on my have list?\par
\pard\b0 Actually you don\rquote t. The server generates it for you from two things:\line 1) All cards you have for sale are concidered also tradeable.\line 2) If you have more than \f1\fs20 trade_limit\f0\fs24  cards, all extras are tradeable. Default \f1\fs20 trade_limit\f0\fs24  is 4 and can be altered using the command \line /set trade_limit \i n\i0  \line where \i n\i0  is your new \f1\fs20 trade_limit\f0\fs24 . \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.5.2. My \f1\fs20 have\f0\fs24 -list is still empty?\par
\pard\b0 The meta server saves bandwidth by reducing the list of potential trades before sending the list to the client. All cards you don\rquote t have in your \f1\fs20 /want\f0\fs24 -list, are not sent to you. Now because of selling and wanting are exclusive, you can\rquote t see your cards for sale in your \f1\fs20 /have\f0\fs24 -list. However, you can see the cards you have more than your \f1\fs20 trade_limit\f0\fs24  and still want them. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 2.6. Selling\par
\fs24 2.6.1. How do i set a price for my card?\par
\pard\b0 Type in a number while mouse over the card and press enter. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.6.2. When i sell a card, my prices is always higher than others.\par
\pard\b0 You can change the default behaviour. Try \f1\fs20 /set price lower\f0\fs24  for example. The possible values are \f1\fs20 lower\f0\fs24 , \f1\fs20 higher\f0\fs24 , \f1\fs20 same\f0\fs24  or \f1\fs20 default\f0\fs24 . See more information about the last value \f1\fs20 /help default\f0\fs24 . \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 2.7. Decks\par
\fs24 2.7.1. How do i use proxies?\par
\pard\b0 Just put any unowned cards to the deck. They are displayed with red note if you don\rquote t have them. Server complains about your proxies, but you can safely ignore it.\line Note: You should agree with the opponent before the game if you are going to use proxies. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.7.2. I exported a deck but i can't find it?\par
\pard\b0 Check \f1\fs20 C:\\.gccg\\\i Game\i0\\export\f0\fs24  (Windows) or \f1\fs20 ~/.gccg/\i Game\i0 /export/\f0\fs24  (non-Windows). \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.7.3. How do i import an existing deck?\par
\pard\b0 Write a simple text file where you put line by line number of each card and the card name. If your deck has more sections than just a main deck, add section names without any preceding number. You can check the examples in the directory \f1\fs20 decks/\i Game\i0 /\f0\fs24 . When your deck is ready, put it to your \f1\fs20 import\f0\fs24  directory which is at the same subtree as your \f1\fs20 export\f0\fs24  directory (See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\l "sec2.7.2.""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul 2.7.2.}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24 ) After that you can try importing it (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+I\f0\fs24 ). \par
Tip: Don't copy any Gccg comment headers from the sample decks. Without them, the client tries harder to resolve unrecognized card names. Otherwise it assumes a Gccg-exported deck with precisely correct card names. \par
Note: Gccg supports also other deck formats like NetMECCG and Apprentice and those decks are importable without any modifications. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 2.8. Playing\par
\fs24 2.8.1. Can i play sealed deck games?\par
\pard\b0 Yes, check out \f1\fs20 /help sealed\f0\fs24 . \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 2.8.2. How do i attach cards together?\par
\pard\b0 To attach a card to another card, move the cursor over the card you wish to attach. Then, hold down the \f1\fs20 Control\f0\fs24  key. While holding the \f1\fs20 Control\f0\fs24  key, click and move the mouse as if you were dragging the card until your cursor is over the second card. Let go of the \f1\fs20 Control\f0\fs24  key. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 2.9. Tricks and Tips\par
\fs24 2.9.1. How can i restore collection default view?\par
\pard\b0 You can bind an menu option \i Select Display.../Default\i0  to a key by \line /bind /eval SetBookIndex("default","default") \line and pressing the target key. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs36 3. Mtg\par
\fs28 3.1. Playing\par
\fs24 3.1.1. How can i alter my life points?\par
\pard\b0 You can set the life to the specified \i n\i0  by simply typing \i\f1\fs20 n\i0\f0\fs24  and pressing Enter. You can also increase it by the specified amount by preceding the number with \f1\fs20 +\f0\fs24  sign or decrease it by preceding with \f1\fs20 -\f0\fs24  sign. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 3.1.2. I try to say a number, but my life changes? That sucks.\par
\pard\b0 Add one space before or after the number. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 3.2. Specific cards\par
\fs24 3.2.1. Cursed Scroll.\par
\pard\b0 You name a card (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+middle click\f0\fs24  over the card and press enter) and shuffle your hand (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+S\f0\fs24  over your hand). Then your opponent left clicks your hand to expand it to the full size and chooses from the menu "Reveal card" over the chosen card. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 3.2.2. Hymn to Tourach.\par
\pard\b0 Left click the opponent's hand to expand it to the full size and shuffle it (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+S\f0\fs24  over the hand). Then select "Force discard" twice over the selected cards. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 3.2.3. Future Sight.\par
\pard\b0 Just reveal your deck (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+F\f0\fs24  over your deck). It shows the topmost card all the time then. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 3.2.4. Summoner's Egg.\par
\pard\b0 Play imprinted card face down, then use Imprint/Equip from menu. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 3.2.5. Parallel Thoughs.\par
\pard\b0 Look at your deck (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+L\f0\fs24 ) and set seven cards aside (\f1\fs20 End\f0\fs24 ). Then shuffle your library (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+S\f0\fs24 ) and choose "Shuffle and put to the top of the deck". Then play seven times "Play a card face down" from your deck. Finally arrange cards to the table so that both agree which is the top of the pile. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 3.2.6. Shahrazad.\par
\pard NEW:\b0  Move your all table cards to one pile without changing their rotation. Note that you must put face down morph etc cards at the bottom of the pile. Then play all your hand cards face down to the top of the pile. Now put all your discard cards face up to the top of pile. And finally, put counters to the topmost card indicating your life. If you don't have hand cards, you may need to use some other marking than face down hand cards. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 3.3. Rules\par
\fs24 3.3.1. What is Tribal War?\par
\pard\b0 Tribal War has three variants: T1, T1.5 and Ante. The rules are the same as normal T1, T1.5 or Ante, but your deck must contain 33% creatures having the same type. Creatures having more than one type, counts toward any of the types it have. Following cards are restricted to one in the T1 variant: \i An-Zerrin Ruins\i0 , \i Engineered Plague\i0 , \i Extinction\i0  and \i Coat of Arms\i0 . The cards are banned in the T1.5 variant. In the Ante variant there are no additional restrictions. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs36 4. Metw\par
\fs28 4.1. General\par
\fs24 4.1.1. Balrog boosters?\par
\pard\b0 That was a design decision made by play testing team long time ago. Two fixed decks aren't very collectable and randomized boosters fits much better to Gccg collecting scheme. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 4.1.2. Rarity distributon of Balrog boosters?\par
\pard\b0 Take two boxes and count each card. You get number of times that card appear on a virtual "common" sheet. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 4.2. Decks\par
\fs24 4.2.1. How to build 2 different hazard decks?\par
\pard\b0 You can simply make two versions of the same deck with different hazard strategies. However, another method is to make actually 3 decks: one common part, one versus minion part, one versus hero part. Just before play, use a command \f1\fs20 /newdeck play\f0\fs24  and merge appropriate parts to the deck using "Add cards from another deck..." option. This causes a little more work before a game, but makes updating common part easier. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 4.3. Playing\par
\fs24 4.3.1. Deck exhausted, what to do?\par
\pard\b0 Hide the discard pile (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+F\f0\fs24 ) if revealed. Look at your discard pile (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+L\f0\fs24 ) and press \f1\fs20 Home\f0\fs24  key over all sites in your discard pile. Now select up to 5 cards to put into the sideboard. Right click each of them and select "Put to sideboard". Now close the discard viewer (\f1\fs20 Esc\f0\fs24 ) and look at your sideboard (left click or \f1\fs20 Ctrl+L\f0\fs24 ). Press \f1\fs20 Delete\f0\fs24  over each card you wish to put into your deck. Finally, close the sideboard viewer and choose "Shuffle to the deck" from the discard pile context menu. Don't forget to reveal your discard pile again if it must be revealed. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 4.3.2. Can i play solitaire?\par
\pard NEW:\b0  Not really, but there is one little tool, which may help you in one player game to simulate hazards. You can select hazard deck (stored in \f1\fs20 scripts/Metw/*.hazards\f0\fs24  in Gccg-format) using command \f1\fs20 /hazard\f0\fs24 . Without arguments it lists available hazards. You can load one of them. Pressing \f1\fs20 Ctrl+Tab\f0\fs24  sets next card aside from the top of the hazard deck. You can do with it whatever you want. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 4.4. Specific cards\par
\fs24 4.4.1. Aware of their Ways.\par
\pard\b0 Opponent shuffles (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+S\f0\fs24 ) his discard pile and then sets aside (\f1\fs20 End\f0\fs24  key) top 4 cards from the discard pile. Then he reveals (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+F\f0\fs24 ) the cards set aside. You choose one (\f1\fs20 ctrl+middle click\f0\fs24  and press \f1\fs20 Enter\f0\fs24 ). The chosen card is then removed from the game and opponent discards (\f1\fs20 Delete\f0\fs24 ) the rest. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 4.4.2. Barrow-blade.\par
\pard\b0 In order to get the correct item score you can press \f1\fs20 Ctrl++\f0\fs24  over the \i Dagger of Westernesse\i0  and \f1\fs20 Ctrl+-\f0\fs24  over the \i Barrow-blade\i0 . \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 4.4.3. Goblin Faces.\par
\pard\b0 Press \f1\fs20 End\f0\fs24  key over your opponent's deck to get cards aside. Then play them one by one face down (menu). For each card tell opponent wheter to put it to the top or to the bottom of the deck. Opponent can then use \f1\fs20 Home\f0\fs24  to put a card to the top of the deck and \f1\fs20 Ctrl+Home\f0\fs24  to put a card to the bottom of the deck. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 4.4.4. Secret News.\par
\pard\b0 Left click your opponent's hand to expand it to the full size. Shuffle it (\f1\fs20 Ctrl+S\f0\fs24 ) and choose 5 times "Reveal card" menu option over the chosen cards. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 4.4.5. Long Dark Reach.\par
\pard\b0 Set aside normally and play a creature if any. Then choose "Shuffle and put to the top of the deck" from the menu of cards set aside. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs36 5. Server\par
\fs28 5.1. Using server stuff\par
\fs24 5.1.1. My table does not connect to my local server.\par
\pard\b0 Add \f1\fs20 --server \i your.ip.here\i0\f0\fs24  to your server launch command. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 5.2. How do i add a table?\par
\pard\fs24 NEW:\b0  See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gccg.sourceforge.net/manual/" \\\\l "sec3.2.1."}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul instructions}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24 . \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b\fs36 6. Contributing\par
\fs28 6.1. Graphics\par
\fs24 6.1.1. Can i make a custom avatar?\par
\pard\b0 Yes. Create an image fulfilling the avatar specifications and drop it to the directory \f1\fs20 graphics/avatar\f0\fs24  for testing. If it looks fine, send it to the author who will include it to the next build of the client. \par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100\b 6.1.2. What are specifications for avatar images?\par
\pard\b0 PNG-files 32x32, pure black (R,G,B = 0,0,0) is invisible. The picture must not violate copyrights or good taste. \par
\f2\fs20\par
}
 